add page on life and rift (#1074)
urbit/docs: azimuth/life-and-rift.md

a ship's networking keys have been altered. The initial value of the keys is
always 0, and the initial `life` is always 0.

Thus, setting the keys of a ship to a nonzero value for the first time will
increment the `life` from 0 to 1. Rotating to a new set of keys will then
increment the `life` to 2. Setting the keys back to zero would increment the
`life` once more, to 3.

## Rift

A ship's `rift`, or _continuity number_, is a count of the number of times which
a ship has breached after its networking keys have been set.

In other words, a ship's `rift` will remain at 0 until its the first time it is
breached after its `life` has been incremented for the first time. Spawning a
ship has no effect on `rift`, and neither does breaching it, until its
networking keys have been set to a non-zero value for the first time.

Networking breaches do not affect the `rift` of any ship. They are only used to
count the number of personal breaches.

## Edge cases

Configuring the keys to the same value they already were (i.e. a no-op) is
possible, but has no effect on the `life`. Thus `life` is actually a measure of
networking key _alterations_, and not the number of times they've been set.

> Thus under ordinary circumstances, a breach will increment both `life` and
> `rift` since a breach typically also involves changing the networking keys.
> However, it is possible to breach without changing the networking keys. As a
> breach resets networking keys to 0 unless new keys were specified, if the
> networking keys were already 0 then they have not changed, and so `rift` will
> increment but `life` will not. This is just a special case of breaching while
> maintaining the same networking keys. That is to say, if the new keys specified
> as part of a breach as the same as the old, again `rift` will increment while
> `life` will not.

Reviewer: Again difficult/confusing and partially incorrect.

```suggestion
Thus under ordinary circumstances, a breach will increment both `life` and
`rift` since a breach typically also involves changing the networking keys.
However, it is possible to breach without changing the networking keys.
If the new keys specified
as part of a breach are the same as the old, `rift` will increment while
`life` will not.
```

I'd also call into question the degree to which these details about when the numbers increment are actually relevant to most users reading this doc. The common case is easy to reason about, the uncommon/weird case the user needs to intentionally trigger, and even then the behavior probably doesn't matter from their perspective?

Author: The reader I have in mind here is someone attempting to write code to interact with the Azimuth smart contracts or L2 stuff (like setting up atomic swaps), in which case the crunchy details and edge cases matter. Previously our docs on life/rift were aimed at general users but I don't think they need to know about those concepts at all.
